---
published: true
title: Jinan when two girls self shot of a pair of men and women have been beaten, the police arrested the attacker
layout: post
---
June 16, one tweet said Jinan two girls self portrait was beaten in a McDonald\'s. On June 17, the propaganda Department of the Public Security Bureau in Jinan City, Shandong province, public relations office staff to a surging News (www.thepaper.CN) confirmed that the two dozen suspects had been held in administrative detention, incidents of self-portraits photographed during their dissatisfaction with two girls. [Two men aged 47 and 56 62 seconds together to](http://www.eastbuzz.com/2016/06/11/two-men-aged-47-and-56-62-seconds-together-to-save-the-drowning-boy/)A few days ago, netizens and explosive material, said Jinan Shanda McDonald\'s restaurant, two girls are through eating, using a mobile phone camera, were behind a man and a woman who was eating beaten, because the other wonder girls filming them. A girl with long hair being pulled hair to the ground. After the girl to police. [Two men aged 47 and 56 62 seconds together to](http://www.eastbuzz.com/2016/06/11/two-men-aged-47-and-56-62-seconds-together-to-save-the-drowning-boy/)June 17 15:7, Jinan lixia Public Security Bureau, Public Security Bureau informed the official Micro-Blog said, June 15 13:30, branch building village police station police at 110: Shanda McDonald was being assaulted. After the alarm, the police were quickly on the scene, two offence suspects had fled. Police investigators with 27 hours of continuous work, June 16 suspected illegal 16:30 Zou (male, 26), MA (female, 33 years) captured.Reported that June 15 12:50, and suspects Zou, Ma On Shan Road McDonald\'s restaurants, any victim Lee, King of a certain cell phone camera captured himself was a dispute after two victims assaulted. On June 17, the public security organs in accordance with the law of suspects Zou 10th, MA two people were sentenced to administrative detention and a fine of Wu Bai penalties.