---
published: true
title: Police in Yancheng, Jiangsu \"4 girls more than 2 minutes turn after another girl slap\" video
layout: post
---
On March 24, Jiangsu, Yancheng, Dafeng area police 110 command center to a surging News (www.thepaper.CN), confirmed that police have been investigating the network section of the city, 4 girls fan videos of a girl in the face. [Girl committed suicide after stealing a supermarket](https://justcavalli2.wordpress.com/2015/12/31/girl-committed-suicide-after-stealing-a-supermarket-in-gansu-province-thousands/)Duration 1 minute 59 seconds of the video display, the room was wearing a green sweater girl won\'t stop fans wearing pink t-shirt girls slap, three other girls take turns on the other side of the fan, girl\'s face was badly swollen. Surging news roughly 1 minute 59 seconds, women slapped baiyuci face. [Girl committed suicide after stealing a supermarket](https://justcavalli2.wordpress.com/2015/12/31/girl-committed-suicide-after-stealing-a-supermarket-in-gansu-province-thousands/)Video light, the wide dissemination in local causes. Some netizens revealed four perpetrators personal phone, social networking accounts, schools and so on. NET, violence four women, two girls studied at the Dafeng area vocational education center, Yancheng, a female student enrolled in a school.On March 24, the surging news call the Dafeng area police 110 command center. Officials say the Dafeng District Public Security Bureau has been involved in the investigation, disclose the specifics.These surging Dafeng area vocational education center, a staff member of the Office told news, which police are still investigating. Yancheng surging higher normal school, Director of the Office of the press briefings, school faculty meeting was held immediately after the incident, asked to troubleshoot has student participation. It said so far police had not contacted the school, there are no students involved in troubleshooting.