---
published: true
title: Changsha railway station blew air conditioning charging load tension power supply: abundant
layout: post
---
Changsha, August 18 Reuters new media, a few days ago, general opinion hot sands, President of the railway station waiting rooms don\'t have air conditioning, temperatures as high as 37 degrees Celsius, the heat make called \"help\". However, if the passenger is willing to spend 30 yuan, you can enjoy strong business waiting room air conditioners, can also queue priority bus. This caused public revulsion, questioning train station to economic interests and ignores the humanization of basic public services.Face questioning, Changsha railway station responded that electricity quota is higher because the station waiting room temperature, voltage instability, causes the air conditioner to not running at full capacity. Changsha electricity sector has responded that provide station power supply and power supply, without limiting its power load.Reporters found that the argument of the Changsha railway station. Local cadres and the masses to challenge, pay money to blow air conditioner behind whether or not there is blending? This approach is not only the indifference to the interests of the people, and undermines the image of civilized cities, Changsha. [Female college students naked lending announced](http://www.eastbuzz.com/2016/06/17/female-college-students-naked-lending-announced-threatened-photo-online-64-sold/)Waiting room heat as the steamer blows air conditioning needed to pay extraSustained high temperatures, Changsha intolerable summer heat. General stations, shopping malls, subways and other crowded public areas are relatively cool by air conditioning. However, the Changsha railway station waiting room, indoor and outdoor temperature are almost as high, people in blistering heat.According to local media, field measurements, noon, outdoor temperatures up to 37 degrees Celsius. Changsha railway station four common waiting room temperature has reached the 35-37 degrees Celsius. Meanwhile, overcrowded waiting room, the atmosphere was sultry, and many tourists sitting bare to the waist in the hallway, lying on the floor, or even just waiting outside the station.A long-term business trip by train passengers told reporters that the waiting room staff gathered, combined with the summer peak, such as boiling hot, but somehow just don\'t turn on the air conditioner. \"I\'ve been to many railway stations, few have no air conditioning, not to mention the Changsha or station. ”According to the inquiry of Changsha railway station waiting room \"hot as the steamer\" situation lasted at least one year. Since last summer, reporters waiting on the site found that the Changsha railway station waiting room really hot and unbearable. Especially in the evening, more train delays, many passengers waiting in advance and have to in the heat of the waiting room, \"suffering\".And general waiting room, \"fiery\" scene is in stark contrast, in a central location of Changsha railway station \"business waiting room\" is nice and cool. \"Open air conditioning, do not line up, get ahead......\" with a headset with speakers in the Hall to recruit staff, \"a blow air conditioner\", but need to pay 20-30 yuan per person.Reporters also saw business waiting room staff ran to the general waiting room with no air conditioning, \"hard sell,\" open with \"air-conditioned, early train\" inducing their spending. When a reporter questioned the charges are too high and unreasonable, the staff immediately cast a scornful eyes.30 yuan rate is not low, but there are still passengers were forced to choose to pay \"air conditioning\". \"Trains are often delayed for one or two hours, other waiting room is too hot, can\'t wait, he went to charge the waiting room. \"Passengers, Mr Chan said.Station load tension electricity said power supply [Female college students naked lending announced](http://www.eastbuzz.com/2016/06/17/female-college-students-naked-lending-announced-threatened-photo-online-64-sold/)For questions, the Changsha railway station responded to reporters, passenger waiting room has central air conditioning and refrigeration, the original central air conditioning running since 1995, through years of aging, equipment failure, and other factors, the station has invested funds to replace the central air conditioning chiller, the purchase of a new air-conditioning system and put into use.Changsha railway station, old central air conditioning is diesel-powered, new air conditioning is an electronic unit, after oil, power nervous, voltage instability. Coupled with the Changsha railway station is currently undergoing construction of Chang-Zhu-Tan intercity railway, intercity railway station to ensure successful opening at the end of this year, using a number of heavy electrical equipment, and lead to new central air conditioning not running at full capacity.In response to this argument, Changsha 17th afternoon responded to reporters by the power company, has always been, the electricity sector is the Changsha railway station as one of the most important users, focusing on its normal power supply.\"The Changsha railway station and ancillary facilities and sites from Mawangdui, Yao, Ling, benevolent rule 3, a 110,000-volt substation, four 10,000-volt lines to its dedicated power supply. Recently, the Changsha railway station power supply lines running smoothly, the power supply, without limiting its power load situations. \"Changsha power company reported.Changsha a Department head, said the power company, the station cannot be blamed without air conditioning power shortage because of the station\'s power supply has been steady.Many passengers question the Changsha railway station \"electric tensions\" argument, that station is only \"benefits smoking\" excuse. Why the waiting room air conditioner to start, general waiting room shortage in electricity load? Passengers think the station approach incomprehensible, more out of money considerations.Changsha city CPPCC Committee member, Director of the culture and Education Committee Chen 忞 survey station waiting room in the field \"temperature\" post, it is Changsha, rage against the railway station waiting rooms \"shameless\".Hot: public service institutions \"first\" thinking workChangsha railway station waiting rooms \"ice fire\" was revealed, caused widespread concern in the community, local cadres and masses in General criticized the lack of basic public services in the bottom line of thinking.In Changsha, a senior media official said that from one point of view, closed and stuffy waiting environment unfavorable to the passenger\'s health, are prone to heat stroke, dehydration and other life-threatening conditions, particularly the driver passengers are tired of, comfortable waiting environment passengers should enjoy basic public services. But Changsha railway station with passenger demand long ignored, shows its indifference to the interests of the masses.\"Waiting room temperature, is a measure of the conscience. \"Members of the public, Wu said, many people take the train in order to save money, a single ticket and maybe only dozens of Yuan, but blowing air out twenty or thirty, their waiting room\" be so hardhearted as to conscience. \"After media reports raised strong concerns in Changsha railway station on 17th disclosed has started emergency treatment. First analyses the problems of illegal publicity soliciting business waiting room renovation, and business waiting room has been shut down reform; the second is \"joint programmes of study on the power supply unit measures air conditioning in Changsha will be temporary transitional measures and capacity expansion of power lines, waiting rooms central air-conditioning will be running from August 20.\"Head of the Changsha railway station, Changsha railway station is currently in Changsha-Zhuzhou-Xiangtan intercity railway into construction, comes as the summer peak, passengers waiting due to work are not in place to experience poor, expressed deep regret at the station.Lasted for more than a year has been no railway departments attach importance to, and now, after media exposure, within three days can get air conditioning back up and running. Visible, personalized key to public service, is not whether or not able to do, but whether relevant Department is willing to do.Business waiting room staff \"pay air conditioning blowing\" temporarily silence the cries, who knows what will come back?