---
published: true
title: A Beijing kindergarten many children suspect was needles, no qualification for this private kindergartens have been closed
layout: post
---
The Beijing times, June 15, several parents, Daxing District, a new kindergarten teacher suspect surnamed Chen with needle-pierced students finger, the teacher alone has been put into a storage room. At present, the district police has been involved in the investigation. Board of education says, Daxing District, concerned kindergartens private kindergartens, which operate without a license, will be ordered to shut down. Teachers concerned whether there is abuse of students still pending the police investigation.EventsMultiple children reflect the teacher tied fingers [Women s residential elevator in Chengdu was forcibly](http://www.eastbuzz.com/2016/05/24/women-s-residential-elevator-in-chengdu-was-forcibly-dragged-by-strange-men/)On June 14, the attack said his daughter Nini (not her real name) is 3 years and 1 month, in early April, Nini Le new kindergarten nurseries in Daxing District. Recently, he found frequent Nini thumb sucking, and emotional instability, \"children often cry for no reason.\" Husband and wife pressed the attack, Nini said, the kindergarten teacher Chen pierced her finger.Video hit, the reporters saw Nini said to his mother, \"I was months and months (not his real name) fight, Chen took us to the door, and our fingers. \"At the end video, Nini crying don\'t want to go to kindergarten. Photo taken hit shows, Nini traces of the thumb spike bar.Reporter seen in the month parents recorded video, month and waving said, Chen took his fingers, \"tied very painful, bleeding\". When asked which child was stabbed at monthly monthly Nini, Doug and 4 other classmates by name.Suspected was tied another little friend Doug tells parents, except that she was Bazaar outside, another student in the class CC was Chen Zha. Doug\'s mother said, kids back there is signs of pinched by the teacher.Thanks to the class children shun said Fortune told him, \"I saw Chen in the classroom zhanini, month and there were other children. ”Her parents money, says Mr child had briefed him about, Chen put him into a storage room, \"close for a long, long time, I don\'t let me cry. \"To this end, he had gone to the Park, the situation eased. To his surprise is, until the day before yesterday he saw former parent group releases video, learned from others that CC is pierced by the teacher. [Women s residential elevator in Chengdu was forcibly](http://www.eastbuzz.com/2016/05/24/women-s-residential-elevator-in-chengdu-was-forcibly-dragged-by-strange-men/)According to Mr money recalled, and after the children to the Park, crying often do not want to go to kindergarten, he and the child\'s mother thought children crying because they do not adapt to life in kindergarten.The afternoon of June 14, many parents said their children had been the teachers of \"confinement\" experience.SurveyKindergarten without educational qualifications will be shut downThe day before yesterday, Nini class head teacher wrote to parents, \"said teacher needle phenomenon about parental complaints\", a public security organ has been involved in the investigation and hope that parents will objectively face before the investigation is completed. Survey results will inform the parents.The afternoon of June 14 to kindergartens concerned, kindergarten is still in business. Reporter to the Parks Director raised whether teacher surnamed Chen Li pin, detention abuses, such as the student\'s behavior, whether kindergarten is operating without a licence and other issues, a new kindergarten director Li said, are still being informed.It is understood that hit a number of parents have alarms. At present, the Red Star, Daxing District police involved in the investigation.Jiugong town, Daxing District Board of education officials told reporters that the delivery of kindergarten to the end of 2014, is still in the approval procedures, school license but have not yet been made, the Board will be ordered to shut down, and refund for parents to solve in the near future, split school and so on. Teacher to student teachers involved, its abuse of students still have to wait for the police investigation. In addition, in early 2015, the Town Board has found in a check of the Park and forced the closure of running without a license.