---
published: true
title: Drunk driving does not cooperate with police checks of Xin \' an cadres in Henan province, had been suspended subject to discipline Inspection Commission investigation
layout: post
---
Henan Luoyang Education Bureau of Xin \' an a cadre June 7 net exposure after drunk driving does not cooperate with police investigations. On June 9 to the surging of Xin \' an education staff news (www.thepaper.CN) confirmed that the County Education Bureau officials suspected of drunk driving is Director of Student Finance Management Center gaowenyan, has suspended accepting Commission for discipline inspection surveys. [Hainan cuisine vegetable wholesale market monopoly](http://toryburch-case.blogspot.com/2016/03/hainan-cuisine-vegetable-wholesale.html)Users upload 1 minute 40 seconds video shows a man was stopped by traffic police check, police came and told the man to show a driver\'s license and registration, but the man did not cooperate. Also called spot on the street, talk about schools for their children. A 37-second video shows in the number of traffic Police persuasion, man hesitated for a moment, finally told police to leave the scene. [Hainan cuisine vegetable wholesale market monopoly](http://toryburch-case.blogspot.com/2016/03/hainan-cuisine-vegetable-wholesale.html)Netizens have explosive material, said man was arrested for drunk driving in the video is Director of Xin \' an County Department of education student financial assistance Management Center gaowenyan. June 9 at 18 o\'clock, surging to news of Xin \' an education staff confirmed that involved is indeed gaowenyan, Bureau of investigation after the incident, gaowenyan has now been suspended.Education Bureau of Xin \' an official Micro-Blog \"Henan new education\" June 9, said, \"at noon on June 7, I Board a middle-level cadres of drink-driving, cause for concern in the network media. Bureau informed attaches, the morning of June 8 decision: the personnel involved were suspended, accept the discipline investigation and treatment in education (Bureau) internal communications and education (Bureau) internal management. ”Gaowenyan surging News said that at noon on the day of the accident, he drank a bottle of beer cans at home, driving on the road was stopped by traffic police. For suspected drunk driving crash barrier, he was referred to the police by law subject to a deduction of 12 points, fined 1500 Yuan penalty.NET \"school call made on the spot,\" said gaowenyan said that at that time only enrolment. He accepted the Board\'s suspension results back to cooperate with relevant departments for investigation.