---
published: true
title: Man was cheated out of 9 million, Nanning police succeeded in freezing 101 that the account stops
layout: post
---
Nanning, according to the evening news, Zhang as \"Mister\" sign, 9 million was transferred to the specified bank account after the discovery he had been deceived. Guangxi (Nanning) anti-fraud false information centre (hereinafter referred to as anti-fraud), after receiving the report, the immediate implementation of \"cross-border interaction\", successful in freezing the transfer of this money to spend 101 of the accounts involved. Journalist yesterday learned from the Public Security Bureau of Nanning city, anti-fraud centers set up to run in more than a month, total pay, freezing capital of 10.5 million. To help freeze in the provinces involved in the Guangxi capital of more than 3 million Yuan. [Married woman pretending to be a college entrance](https://justcavalli2.wordpress.com/2016/06/08/married-woman-pretending-to-be-a-college-entrance-examination-students-in-guizhou/) [Married woman pretending to be a college entrance](https://justcavalli2.wordpress.com/2016/06/08/married-woman-pretending-to-be-a-college-entrance-examination-students-in-guizhou/)Emergency stop payment of 9 million Yuan was turned 101 accountsOn May 18 this year, Zhang received a \"boss\" after the call, hurried from the company\'s bank account as required, to transfer more than 9 million Yuan to \"Mister\" specified bank account. Huge after a successful transfer, reporting to the General Manager Mr Zhang realized someone was pretending to be a company commit fraud.Anti fraud Center received a report from Mr Zhang, quickly start a quick pull loss stop payment mechanisms, queries on the bank card account number, stopped working. Police found that the Working Group, in connection with suspected money was quickly transferred to 41 account, then go to more child accounts. Police on the one hand by expanding financial group Bank staff to track the accounts involved level of capital flows, on the one hand by police co-operation mechanisms, contact local police to help stop payment-related suspect frozen accounts. Eventually, the project successful in freezing the transfer of this vast sum spent 11 of those involved accounts 101, emergency stop payment of more than 9 million Yuan.At present, the case is still under further digging.Linkage to keep victims of money bagsMore than 9 million emergency stop payment, in the fight against fraud since the establishment of the Centre is not alone. It is understood that on June 14, she received a strange call, other elaborate after her family said she had a State subsidies are not receiving nearly 100,000 yuan. She has 50,000 yuan in batches according to the requirements of \"deposits\" into each other\'s accounts. Subsequently, other calls could not get through. Anti fraud Center after receiving the warning, in a very short period to freeze suspect accounts of more than 30,000 yuan.In accordance with past practice, the public security organs to freeze suspect accounts involved, must be sent by handling unit staff, make an application to the bank accounts to handle. In this way, before investigators arrived at the appropriate bank, bank cards in which the fraudsters are the most amount of money involved have shifted. Now after receiving the victims reported anti-fraud Center immediately by public security authorities and financial institutions real-time interaction, namely anti-fraud centers before the suspects did not take the money, a suspect amounts have been paid on the account, freeze, in time for the victim to hold onto money bags.